Throughout this course, you get a lot of videos where I will explain all the concepts in detail. But sometimes
you need a bit more than that.
You don't only want to watch me code.
You want to code yourself.
Well it's for that reason that we will build four projects throughout the course; practicing the different
concepts we learn,
so they are scattered out throughout this course and we will finally conclude this course with building our
final project which is a complete single page application, in the end.
But besides these projects I've also got a lot of quicker exercises mixed in; so little exercises where
you practice single key concepts of that module the exercise is placed in.
So together with the projects and the exercises you should have a lot of coding challenges throughout the course
which allow you to practice the things you will see in the videos, on your own.
But besides that of course, you can also find all the source code attached to the last lecture in each
module.
So if you want to have a look at the code we worked through in the video together, that is where we
you would go to see it in action.
Well and finally there's always the Q&A section where you can and should ask questions if you're in
doubt about something.
Now there are a lot of students and myself helping you there and replying to your questions, but always
keep in mind asking questions is great but also consider answering the questions of our students.
This really is how you'll learn the most because you really have to challenge the things you've learned
and reiterate them in such a case.
So I strongly recommend answering questions too.
This will give you the most.
Well and with that I'd say let's have a look at how we could set up this project locally if you don't
want to use JSFiddle in the first course modules here. And thereafter,
time to get started and dive super-deep into Vue.js.